Sir if you intrested plz share your any dance experience certficates And profile photo sir upload karne keliye


As per the discussion with you over the regarding your foods menu listing in our application, i hereby mail you the proposal letter along with the excel

We will promote and sell you foods through our web and mobile application
Delivery you have to take

Feel free to contact for any clarification. we are also available in google play store "Cellula Healthy"

Link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.app.cellula

Thanks & Regards

Ankita
7540026409


Hi Sir,
              We are Cellula wellness application, we required Dance Instructors for our application. you can give online and offline classes as per your desire. We are available in www.thecellula.com and also available in Google play  Store, "Cellula Healthy".

Link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.app.cellula


Thanks and Regards
Cellula.


Zumba, Yoga & Fitness Trainers,
              We are Cellula wellness application, we required Zumba, Yoga & Fitness Instructors for our application. you can give online and offline classes as per your desire. We are available in www.thecellula.com and also available in Google play  Store, "Cellula Healthy".

Link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.app.cellula


Thanks and Regards
Cellula.


Hi, 
Wanted Beautician for an online application in Bangalore, Interested Person reply YES for further process, Registration is FREE

Link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.app.cellula

Thanks and Regards
Cellula.


Sir aapka  profile photo aur visiting card and any certificates share kariye example any make up photo Send kariye


Sir/Madam If intrested  plz share your profile photo And visiting card and any experience certificates ....and example any make over photos Send it

Received sir thank you




Hi Sir/Madam,

 

Greetings from Cellula!

 

We hope you and your family are healthy and safe during these uncertain and unprecedented times of the Covid-19 outbreak.

 

The "Cellula" is first of its kind integrated social commerce platform which provides a holistic approach to good health and comprehensive wellness catering to an entire spectrum of products and services focused on balanced living. We believe that in today’s world, healthy living can only be achieved by incorporating a blend of lifestyle practices such as fitness, yoga, meditation, spiritualism, alternative therapy, proper nutrition, healthy products, social connects and many more.

 

We will launch Cellula during Q4 of 2020, initially in Bangalore and then across 5 more cities which includes Delhi, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Pune and Ahmedabad in the first phase. Cellula will have more than 100 categories and sub categories of products and services focused on health and wellness (Categories are listed in www.thecellula.com)

 

Our vision is to become earth’s most trustworthy, quality-focused and advanced digital healthcare organization, providing its customers, up-to-date affordable products and services targeted to improving quality of life while embracing environment-friendly business practices.

Please visit our social media handles for more information:

         

 

We invite you to be a part of the Cellula seller and service provider network. Register today to be an early adopter of Cellula. Priority of listing will be given to early adopters.

Advantages of being in Cellula as a seller and service provider is as follows:

·         You will be part of the health and wellness revolution in this world of the “New Normal”

·         You will contribute significantly to improving the human quality of life in sync with sustaining the environment

·         Cellula does not have a 'listing fee', therefore, you do not have to pay anything extra to sell through our platform

·         The application is free hence it is going to reach end users in every corner of our country and subsequently globally. You will have a wide range of customer base with repeat orders

·         Our commission rates are competitive

·         Our registration/onboarding process is simple and assisted as follows:

1. You need to register on www.thecellula.com

2. Verify your mobile number and email id with OTP received wherever prompted

3. Fill in your details and upload the documents

A. PAN Card

B. GST Certificate

C. Shop and Establishment Certificate

D. Relevant Certificate/Registration of your Service Offering/Specialty

E. Organic Certificate in case you are an Organic Product Seller

4. Once the registration complete then you can use your login Id to visit your page

 

We have only opened registrations for Cellula as of now. We will get in touch with you for listing of your services/products and will to assist you in store creation and getting trained on the selling process as soon as we approach launch.

If you want us to register on your behalf, please consent by replying to this mail with “YES” so that we will create your account and share the password with you in due course.

If you have queries write to us at registrations@thecellula.com or call us at +91 7540026409

 

Welcome to “The Cellula Life” - All Good Is Here!

 

Regards,

P. Balakrishnan

Cellula - Vendor Registration


Phone: +91 7540026409